The Joe Rogan experience. Ackroyd's crazy.
In the UFO's he's like one of the main celebrities they,
they pull up when people start talking about, uh, like UFO, real believers,
he's done like little clips where he narrates things, do UFO shows and.
He blows.
Well, didn't they just release that.
There's even more belief now by your phones. Ah.
Yeah, it's fun. I don't know if it's real, but uh, it's fun.
That's how I feel.
Doug. I did a podcast with Jim Florentine and I explained to Jim Florentine
that what people don't know is that Hudson county,
New Jersey more than New Jersey is the number one place in the country where
they have the most UFO sightings, really Northern New Jersey.
Look it up. Jamie, if you get a minute, please not to be rude,
but isn't that like near a couple of airports? No, it's closer to like,
you know,
like when you live on New York city on and you look at the Hudson river,
they say that people go on their balconies and drinking coffee.
They talk on the phone and they'll see a little flying saucer goodbye.
And I know for a fact that in 1976 little one,
whatever the they are, I know for a fact that in 1975 and 1976,
you could check me out on this. Are you a full landed in Hudson county park?
I was a kid. And the next day the feds locked off the park, that yellow tape,
they had samples go look it up dog. They said you at fault.
There's a that's you see that? That,
that that's called the north Bergen is where I'm from. That's called.
I forget what it's called. But it was so there was, it's a circular building.
So they did so much Coke there in the eighties. They called this the grinder.
That's what they called it because it was shaped like the Stonehedge Stonehedge.
I.
Have a couple of friends that lived there.
People that lived in that building have seen UFO's for years.
And if you go to YouTube, there's an actual Northwestern park UFO.
They dug up. They even, they came out the Mar there's a liquor store.
And the liquor store guy says you seen the lights.
You heard like the organ music that they play.
They landed a couple of Martians,
got out and took samples and got back in the thing and took off.
There's a YouTube, Danglies a history channel, special about it.
And I still remember being a young.
Kid. Did you find anything? Jamie, not GIF.
That that was what's popping up all this stuff about that building and
anything that says that UFO landed that that's the story I'm reading right now
is what he's saying. Yeah.
And witnesses, you know, it's not just one guy that says,
I don't know who you are at fault.
It's people who got knocked on the door and said, do, did you see anything?
Anything at 11, 10 at night? I said, you know what? That,
what lights flashing outside?
They contact the police departments to see if there was any, they went full 10.
The FBI came in, circled. The park closed.
It was by the little league field and Hudson county. But it is like,
you'd think it was area 51. You think it was closer to the Northern Las Vegas.
The number one place to see UFO's is Northern New Jersey.
They even made a reference to it.
And the Sopranos when he said something and he goes,
what are you talking about last week?
You said you going to your phone and Hackensack.
Because that's where they're at. Hackensack.
Boondocking. All those you're going to have more in New Jersey.
A lot of ugly people, a lot of people with big heads. The only good thing.
Back in New Jersey is Segovia Spanish restaurant. It's.
Been there since 19 slim Mansky. I don't know.
But that's the only good thing about Monache.
I think those people in Monache been abducted and they put them back
as big headed.
I did a gig there a couple of times. Oh yeah.
They used to be like a bar. There's a bar that did something.
Was that a Bob Gonzo gig?
Yes. Outside of the sea club. Well, that's it. Yeah. It's outside. No, no, no.
I think Bob is more down.
The shore and stuff, but, well, he had gigs, all the gigs all over Bob.
How I met Bob was he did a gig in Romanos Italian restaurant in my hometown.
And my buddy's like, Hey, aren't you a comedian? Let's take you up there.
And we went up there and Bob was like, I don't know. You know, he said,
I'm known and next to him. Bob came up and was like, oh, I gotta put you out.
Cause my friend just threatened me.
So Bob put me up and we've become friends ever since. That's awesome.
I think I follow him on Facebook. We have a chat from time to time on Facebook,
but yeah, for you UFO looking at into Northern New Jersey,
that's stop mother load of them.
That's interesting. I had read that before,
but I kind of go 51 51 UFO sightings in 2018.
I, as a you get biased because the story is always
some person in the woods and they get abducted.
They see a UFO in some strange town in the middle of nowhere,
the aliens land of duck people. You always think about it being a rural thing.
But if I was an alien.
Of course, I'd go to New York city. Of course, I go to New Jersey. What the?
Why wouldn't.
You? You want to go see the craziest thing we have. You got like
7 million people stuffed together on a tiny island.
And in comparison to the rest of the planet of stuffed stacked on top of each
other awesome, amazing buildings and all these lights at times square.
Look at all these people mulling around traveling over these bridges to get to
this one. Hub is one hive of humanity. Of course.
If I was an alien, I would check that out. Why would I look at a barn?
You know what I mean? You.
Used to have a joke that the United States is the Tijuana of outer
space and space like that. Like, what are we doing this week? I'm on a,
they come down when they're up and they want to see a show.
That was the whole bit is that I think aliens come here when they're high,
they just get up. They're like, come on, let's go, go check out the monkeys.
This go, dude, come on. Let's have duck duck. A couple of them have a good time.
That's good. See.
I never saw a UFO or I.
Want to, I never have though.
I want to see it land. And I want to see one of those green dudes get out.
So yeah, I think I S I thought I saw some when I was a kid, but as I got older,
I thought that was like a fighter jet or something. That's what that was like,
there was something, God, it's a real sketchy memory.
It's one of those memories.
That's like barely active. But I remember.
Thinking for like a day or two, when I was a little kid, maybe I saw UFO,
but I think I was trying to convince myself of it. You know, I was bored,
but I think it was a jet. I think it was something, something fast and unusual.
Have you ever seen one of those stealth bombers that looks like a UFO?
You're seeing one of those things in the sky? No. Yes. It looks like a star.
Wars. When you go to like a blue angel thing, those points.
No, those are like, I think those are F eighteens. That's what I think it is.
I think that's what that is. I flew in one of those. I had a bit about that too.
Yeah. You got to do that. You hold onto the hand. You gotta do you hook either.
You either hold onto your handle.
If you're steering the plane or you hold onto your straps. If you're a pastor,
I was a star. I was in the passenger seat. So I grabbed the whole,
my straps and you have to go like this
and you have to force blood in your brain. Stay awake. That's how much G-Force,
you're going through. It's insane. Wash.
Blood and your brain to stay awake. That's that's one of those stealth bombers.
I saw one of those in the air over, I guess it's Edwards air force base.
Is that what.
The one? It is? That's his, Edward's the one that's out near Palmdale.
I think that's it. Yeah.
Cause we used to film fear factor in Palmdale and we saw that they fly overhead
like that. Look at that thing.
Tell me that doesn't look like it's from another planet when you're on the
ground and you see that fly overhead. You're like, what the is that?
So I think that's responsible for a bunch of the things that people saw.
I think it's military craft. Can.
I ask you a question on that article? You pulled up to 51 sightings,
what type of sightings do you have? This thing? What is considered,
what is considered a siding?
Well, the thing is like, you just see, but how do you know?
What are you doing in it? These are the sightings. Okay.
We'll go back to that video. Look at that thing. I mean, come on.
If you're just sitting on the ground, you saw that you liked their comment.
The galleons are coming. That does not look like it's from this world.
That thing is madness.
Especially with those two guys next to him, God.
It's beautiful dough. It's like what? A, an amazing design,
that thing flying through, it looks like something on a keyboard. You know,
it's like a symbol on a keyboard and it's just flying perfectly through the
ADAT. Looks like the future. I mean,
that really does look like it's from another world.
I would imagine like little blue dudes and black eyes talking to each other and
that night going through wormholes and.
I mean, that's what that thing looks like. And what's the,
what's the thing that they're going to have a hundred years from now.
Just imagine that. Yeah.
I just want to know what the,
what the logistics is for it to be considered a legitimate,
a legitimate citing legitimate site and legitimate site.
This means that someone saw it. You know why you don't like if you're a lawyer,
okay. And you see something,
and then you convince yourself that what you saw was something extraordinary.
And you need to have the feeling that you're looking at something from another
world.
But if it's just some drone or some military vehicle,
and then you look at it and then you convince yourself,
then it becomes a bigger and bigger deal in your head.
That's a problem with people.
It doesn't mean that everybody that sees something is seeing that,
but people are kind of full of. Well, let's see you see,
let's say there's a one 800 call Marsha. All right.
I see a thing. I call that one 800 call call Martian. Okay. Whatever the.
1-800-MARSHES, right? The fall off stop ringing. Okay.
The phone won't stop to stop ringing. It will never stop ringing.
It'd be people talking to Martians.
My concern is when do they consider it a credible?
What does it take for it to be credible for me, for it to be credible.
I got to see the land. My.
Uh, my take is usually military guys. Um, when,
when you have military fighter pilots,
that's an extraordinary human that's. Uh, you know,
if you can be one of those guys that flies one of those B12, B twos to,
for them to trust you with that billion dollar spaceship, dude, you gotta be,
uh, an exceptional human. There's no room for someone who's full of.
You're going to be a top flight fighter pilot.
You're going to fly around with gunfights in the sky because that's what they
do. They have gunfights in the sky.
Those guys are exceptional human beings.
So when they see something,
that's when I listened for sure everybody else. I'm not that,
not that I wouldn't listen, but I don't know. You know, you might be crazy,
but if, and you might be crazy, even if you're in the military,
you might be crazy. If you're a fighter pilot, it's a hundred percent positive.
It's fighter pilots.
And all those air force pilots had to do test runs or whatever. They, they see.
They say that they certain things.
A bunch of signings. None of that thing,
a bunch of sightings is a bunch of sightings from these really credible guys.
What is it? Fleet of UFO's followed us. Aircraft.
Navy pilot says May 29th. See these guys that are talking about these things,
these aren't guys with histories of embellishing things. There's a, I mean,
they have this, whatever that is, is that radar, what are they looking at?
Is that infrared? Like, what is the screen that they're looking for?
Does it say what kind of image it is? Cause it's like a weird look.
It's not like a photograph, right? It's like a weird
computer image because it's, um, it's,
it's detecting it right with some piece of equipment, right?
Isn't it like tracking on radar or something like that.
I know what you're saying.
Cause I feel like I've heard that description of it too. But this,
this article just says it's video of two aerial encounters. That's tremendous.
It doesn't look very clear. Why isn't it clear? My phone does a better job.
They're.
Not very good cameras on those. I mean, they have good. I mean,
they don't have good ones,
but like in order to catch movement at that high speed up there, yada yada,
all that stuff.
Oh, so it would require some exceptional gear, I.
Think. And it could also been at night. I don't know what time of day it was.
So convenient, so convenient that they never have a clear picture. That,
that drives me crazy. It drives me crazy. Cause if it is real,
I am I'm. I love, I want it to be real, honestly.
I really do. But when I look at ICO, God, so many people are so crazy.
And so many people are so full of.
You personally believe in soda.
Why don't don't that there's other galaxies out there. There has.
To be. Well, it definitely the galaxies, other civilizations civilizations.
Some form somewhere out of the nine planets has got to be dude,
there was something I don't know what I'm not going to sit here and tell you
what that called or whatever. But there has to be something at this point,
you have to believe.
That the universe too big, it's just too big to discount to say, Nope,
doubt it. Like that's so crazy to say because we haven't seen it yet.
It's so big.
Explanation of what he caught and what.
He said that though, tracking equipment,
radar and infrared cameras on his aircraft detected UFO's both times he was
unable to capture them on his helmet camera. Okay.
So maybe he couldn't look at it, get it and good vision or whatever,
or that's a good reason why I.
Would imagine as fast as those things are going,
it must be really hard to get a camera,
to be able to constantly focus in and out. And that's interesting.
He says that Lieutenant Ryan Grimes, graves, graves, whatever,
a squadron of UFO followed his Navy strike group up and down the Eastern
coast of the U S for months, that's I'm telling you that little,
I read something about the Hudson river,
that all those people that live across the Hudson river,
whether on the Weehawken Edgewater side or the west side of Manhattan,
those are where the people on that balcony see all that. Look.
At this. We did have issues with them. And we went to the middle east,
Lieutenant graves said, Ooh,
imagine them following the war. Imagine if you were there were aliens.
And they came down to follow the war.
So they see the war going on and how crazy Afghanistan come down and they're
checking it.
Just to go on the cynical side of this.
They're not necessarily saying they are an alien ship.
They're saying it's a UFO. So it's something they're not sure of.
What if there's some sort of awesome drone that some middle Eastern company has
an, it can just follow or possibly test or something.
I don't know. It would be the more likely explanation, right?
Terrestrial would be more likely that someone has advanced.
We know they have advanced. I mean, we know they have incredible drones.
You know what I mean? The stuff that they can.
No, they got drone
that green Berets are seals.
You put razorblades on him and they slit your throat when you're driving.
Whoa. That's how good the technology is on those troubles.
Jesus Christ. I wouldn't be shocked if they could do all kinds of things.
Me standing there and they could take the adrenaline to just come down,
they put razorblades on him or some.
Well, you could totally see someone having a small drone, like a small thing,
like the size of a cheeseburger that has poison in it.
And you just slam it into somebody's. You could,
I could see that this [inaudible] what you're seeing.
When you're seeing stuff that's flying around the sky,
most likely is made by a person.
Cause people make stuff and people know how to make stuff that flies around the
sky. But then when you get this like defies physics,
like some of the things these fighter pilots, see that's when he got to go,
wait a minute, you see these extraordinary feats of
traversing distances. Like they can get from one place to another place.
So fast, it looks like they disappear. This is something they all talk about.
They all talk about the insane speed at which these things can go.
They can just change angles. They can just go and then take a tarred, right?
Angle turn. They can do stuff that, nothing that we know how to make,
can do. That's where it gets to be like, whoa, like nothing sounded like,
it's like, oh, that's like a fighter jet, but like really fast.
You know what I'm saying? It's like an alien car. Oh, it's like a car,
but it's way faster. You know, it's an alien car,
but this is not like anything that we make, these things. They fly this way.
They say flat like a, like a plate hovering over the ground. Or,
but when they go to fly, when they go to take off,
they flip up sideways and they have like,
the bottom of the spaceship is pointing towards where it wants to go.
And it does something to space and time make some sort of magnetic
gravity connection, insert big spooky words, whatever they know.
They don't know how the it does it. Right?
Push this thing can go like insane distances and insanely small amounts of time.
Then when they all report the same kind of behavior of these.
So many of these reports are like that.
They're talking about this thing that goes insanely fast turns on its side.
They lived like a tic TAC. It looks like a saucer.
It looks like they're trying to figure out what the the shape is because it's
moving so fast, but it's doing stuff that nothing we know how to make can do.
I don't know if it's from another planet it might be from here. That's exciting.
It's exciting. I, I want it to be from another planet. That's what I want.
Like unbiased. Like what? My honest, what I, what I would love.
It just be completely honest. I would love it if it was aliens, but it was,
people have even more scared because my God people can do that.
People can do that. And no one knew like,
so if you could imagine a person who can make a spaceship that
defies all of the rules that we know about
travel about air travel, they can make something that defies all that.
And somehow now that keep the whole development and production of it a
secret and then have this thing and take it off.
And no one knows how the they did it.
That's almost more impressive than aliens because
that's what these things are doing is if these pilots are accurately reading
what's happening and they're telling the truth.
The thing that's remarkable is their stories are very consistent.
There's a lot of very similar stories from different people that they're make a
living flying super fast war ships. You know, they see things,
they know what the they're looking at. They see something they don't know.
They're like, what in the is that? When they see something like that,
that freaks me out. That's when it gets me.
Cause when some kids riding his bike to school and he looks up and he sees the
UFO, okay, maybe it did happen. Maybe it did happen.
Maybe the kid's being a hundred percent honest or maybe he was bored.
Maybe he was bored and decided to make up a crazy story and stuck with it.
And then after a while telling it,
maybe he believed in himself that happens to people, see things.
They don't know what they're seeing.
And they decide that it's a different thing. I've said this before,
but it's a true story. When I was in, in Alberta there's wolves there.
And I thought I saw a Wolf for like a whole second. It was a squirrel.
It was a squirrel, but I saw gray for movement,
Wolf squirrel.
Like if you're dumb or if you're compromised or if
you're, you know, you're a little drunk, maybe a little tired, you know,
maybe just saw something that looked really weird because of, you know,
w whatever weather conditions that are affecting some part of the world,
you live in these things called ball, lightning flies through the air. You know,
it's a, it looks like a UFO. You ever see that.
It's like a real natural phenomenon.
Somebody might see something like that and then add a bunch of other to it.
And that's where you get a lot of these stories and you get like natural
phenomenon and then people adding a bunch of to things. But then on top of that,
you have credible stories and you can't throw out any of them. Like you gotta,
when you look at all these things,
you can't decide just cause there's a bunch of crackpot stories about UFO's that
the ones by legitimate fighter pilots, that those aren't real.
Can't look at it that way. It's crazy to look at it that way,
because it's more likely there's something out there than there isn't
something out there. It's way more.
Likely when I was a kid and that happened, Hudson county park, I wrote it off.
I didn't even pay attention. I remember riding my bike up there,
seeing the fed tape and seeing people with those, uh,
orange protective suits on, because I didn't, I was like,
these people them out of my mind.
Then one night I got high five or six years ago.
And I saw it if somebody had posted on Facebook or YouTube and I
read more and more into it and I discounted it until I read the accounts of
the 28 people. Yeah.
In that building the liquor store,
it was a guy who had just got dropped off a bus from New York.
There's buses drop you off there from New York.
The bus driver said there was a flash. He couldn't, you know,
there were just so many people with, uh, stories that, you know,
they didn't see a guy get out. Only three people. So people get out,
everybody else discounted the lights and the noise and other that went with
it. I would've shipped my pants.
If I lived in that building and saw pretty little Martians get out,
or it could just be hold, hold on. Who knows? Who gives a? Yeah,
man. You just wanted to tell you that that's where it.
And get freaked out and they can, you know,
they can think all kinds of things that didn't really happen.
Hey, one night I was on acid. I thought it was a,
I put the FBI was out there with dogs the next day it was a fire hydrant.
I dumped the ounce of Coke down a toilet. Oh my God.
Because I hallucinated because when you do an Coke, more than 10 hours,
you start hallucinating. I started hallucinating.
It was dogs and it was a fire hydrant. You know how stupid I felt the next day.
Pretty stupid. Oh.
Pretty stupid. I sat there and I went over and pet a dehydrated. You
you.
This is a problem with any story, like all these UFO stories.
It's people's memory. Memory is not that good. It's just not that good.
It's too hard to figure out what it actually looked like after he saw it.
Like you see something crazy, look a year ago, and then you try to describe it.
It's too hard to describe. Like you barely remember it.
Your V your version of it is a rehashed version that you keep repeating to
yourself. You know,
if you saw something like save your hiking and you saw a Wolf, right?
If you saw that Wolf, when you try to describe that,
that moment you saw that Wolf years later, like what,
what are you actually seeing when you go into your memory?
How much do you help accurate,
as it were always lying about how accurate our memory is. It's not that good.
I'll give you, you did see a Wolf, which is an extraordinary moment, right?
You're in the forest. It's a Wolf that's off.
And you see a real Wolf looking down on you,
a wild in the woods of Canada, just looking at you,
staring at you on a trail. That's an extraordinary moment.
But if you try to recount that in your mind, 10 years later,
what do you actually see? How much do you actually see you? See,
there's a blurry, weird Misty version.
And you've got some words that fall into place that can describe it.
But how accurate is your memory? It's terrible.
How accurate is your memory? It's good.
With statistics. Like, I can tell you about fights. I can,
I can tell you what year someone fought can tell you how this guy won and how he
beat this many guys with the triangle. And I remember things,
but if I actually have to remember that, would it actually look like in my head,
I can't really pull that up. I barely could pull it up. I see it.
I'll recognize it again. You know,
like you show me Joe Schilling knocking out Melvin Manhoef and Bella tour.
I signed it. I said, watch that Kao. So many times the wild, crazy slug Fest.
And if I see it, I'm watching it happen in a video.
I remember it. Yep. This is how it goes. Here. It goes, boom. He Kaos him.
But if I had to just pull that out of my brain right now, it's not good.
Do you know what I'm saying? Like if I had to, like,
if I have to like close my eyes and pretend I saw Mike Tyson
knockout, Michael Spanx,
I kind of can see blue flashes.
I can kind of remember weird little parts of it. You know,
I remember the final right-hand boom.
He just sends them flying through the ropes. It was chaos. It was just like,
he's the best ever. But if I had to like play it back in my head,
it wouldn't be nearly as good as a video of right.